the book of Job there was a man in the
Land of Oz whose name was Joe and that
man was blameless and upright and one
who feared God and shunned evil and
seven sons and three daughters were born
to him also his possessions were seven
thousand sheep three thousand camels
five hundred yoke of oxen five hundred
female donkeys and a very large
household so that this man was the
greatest of all the people of the East
and his sons would go and feast in their
houses each on his appointed day and
would send and invite their three
sisters to eat and drink with them so it
was when the days of feasting had run
their course the job would send and
sanctify them and he would rise early in
the morning and offer burnt offerings
according to the number of the mole for
job said it may be did my sons have
sinned and cursed God in their hearts
vast joke did regularly now there was a
day when the sons of God came to present
themselves before the Lord and Satan
also came among them and the Lord said
to Satan
from where do you come from going to and
fro on the earth and from walking back
and forth on it have you considered my
servant job but there is none like him
on the earth a blameless and upright man
one who fears God and shuns evil does
job fear God for nothing have you not
made a hedge around him around his
household and around all that he has on
every side you have blessed the work of
his hands and his possessions have
increased in the land but now stretched
out your hand and a touch all that he
has and he will surely curse you to your
face behold all that he has is in your
power only do not lay a hand on his
person so Satan went out from the
presence of the Lord
now there was a day when his sons and
daughters were eating and drinking wine
in their oldest brother's house and a
messenger came to Joe the auction were
plowing and the donkey's feeding beside
them when the sabaeans raided them and
took them away indeed they have killed
the servants with the edge of the sword
and I alone have escaped to tell you
while he was still speaking another also
came and said the fire of God fell from
heaven and burned up the sheep and the
servants and consumed them and I alone
have escaped to tell you while he was
still speaking another also came the
Chaldeans formed three bands raided the
camels and and took them away
yes well the servants with the edge of
the sword and I alone have escaped to
tell you while he was still speaking
another also came your sons and
daughters were eating and drinking wine
and their oldest brother's house and
suddenly a great wind came from across
the wilderness and struck the four
corners of the house and it fell on the
young people and they are dead and I
alone have escaped to tell you then job
arose tore his robe and shaved his head
and he fell to the ground and worshiped
naked I came from my mother's womb and
naked shall I return there the Lord gave
and the Lord has taken away blessed be
the name of the Lord in all this job did
not sin nor charge God with wrong
you